# Privacy policy

## Basic Information

### Data controller: Zapal LLC

Mechnykova street 2a, Kyiv, Ukraine, 02000

### Purposes of the processing of personal data

- Manage and maintain the business relationship.
- Attend to requests for information, doubts, etc.
- Comply with all legal obligations
- Manage user data in case the user has accessed through social media

More detailed information in the second layers.

Data retention periods: As long as the commercial relationship is maintained or its elimination is not requested by the data subject, they should not be deleted because they are necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation or for the formulation, exercise and defense of claims.

### Source

Provided by the users themselves.
Obtained through the user’s social network login.

### Scope

This privacy policy applies to personal information processed by us, including on our websites (e.g. zapal.design, design.zapal.design and any other sites we own or operate) collectively referred to as “Website”.

### Data transfers

All are necessary for the fulfillment of the above mentioned purposes or are carried out in compliance with a legal obligation. Public administrations, suppliers for the provision of the requested services, companies and collaborating entities.

### Data Subjects’ Rights

They will be exercised by e-mail: privacy@zapal.design, or at the registered office of Zapal: Mechnykova street 2a, Kyiv, Ukraine, 02000.

We inform you that you can exercise, where appropriate, the rights of access, rectification or deletion, limitation of processing, opposition, to the portability of the data or not to be subject to a decision based solely on the automated processing, as well as to withdraw the consent given.

More information in the complete Privacy Policy of this document.

## 1. Identification of the Controller.

Zapal LLC is the Controller of the following processing activities made through the website (the “Website”).

Nothwithstanding, note that when we provide our services, your organization controls the information processed. This policy does not apply to the extent we process personal information in the role of a processor on behalf of your organization. For additional information, please consult the Data Processor Agreement included in the Terms of Service.

Zapal LLC, is a company domiciled at Mechnykova street 2a, Kyiv, Ukraine, 02000.

Zapal is committed to the fundamental right to the protection of your personal data and this privacy policy is intended to inform you of your rights.

## 2. What information will we collect from you?

You should be aware that there are different ways to collect personal data:

**a) The data you provide directly to us.**

We collect information about you when you contact us though the channels provided for this purpose, such as the register or contact form.

You may not, when providing any information that may be requested from you, choose expressions that are offensive, coinciding with brands, tradenames, names or pseudonyms of public figures or celebrities for whose use you are not authorized.

It is essential that you keep your reference data, passwords and access codes generated at all times. You will be solely responsible for the use of your personal account, and in this respect you undertake to make diligent use of this information, not to make it available to third parties, and to inform us, without delay, of its loss or theft.

In order to ensure that the information provided is always up to date and free of errors, you must notify Zapal as soon as possible of any changes to your personal data by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address: privacy@zapal.design

Likewise, by clicking on the “I accept” (or equivalent) button incorporated in the aforementioned forms, you declare that the information and data you have provided are accurate and truthful.

**b) Data obtained indirectly.**

When you browse, different cookies and other tracking devices may be installed on your device, as explained in our Cookies Policy.

**c) Information collected automatically.**

To make our Website more useful to you we use Google Analytics and other service providers to collect and process analytics information on our Website. For more information about how Google uses data, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt out of Google Analytics’ collection and processing of data generated by your use of our website by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

## 3. What is the source of your data?

We consider that all the data processed by Zapal has been provided to us freely.

In the event that the personal data provided is from a third person, you guarantee that you have informed them of this Privacy Policy and have obtained their authorization to provide the data to Zapal for the purposes indicated above. You also guarantee that the information provided is accurate and up to date, and you are responsible for any direct or indirect damage or harm that may be caused as a result of non-compliance with this obligation.

## 4. How will we use your personal information and what services will we provide you?

Zapal acts as the controller of the personal data for the following purposes:

1. Based on the management of the contractual or precontractual relationship:

- To manage the acquisition of the products that we offer on our Website and to attend to any type of incident or request derived from the same, and carry out any management related to after-sales service.
- To manage your registration as a representative of an organization on our website, as well as allow your access to the private area.
- To provide you with the services you have requested.

2. Based on the existence of a legitimate interest of Zapal:

- To keep you informed about the products and services of Zapal, as well as to send you news, events and other activities that we carry out in Zapal, by conventional and/or electronic means (e-mails, SMS, …), related to the products or services that we carry out and that may be of your interest.
- To carry out periodic reviews of our services and carry out satisfaction surveys in order to evaluate and improve the quality of the service we provide.
- Carry out internal reviews and, if necessary, contact the client in the event that a possible fraud or identity theft is detected or there are well-founded suspicions.
- Answer any request of information, doubt, etc we make us know thought the contact channels.

However, if you do not wish your data to be processed for these purposes, you may object at any time by contacting us at privacy@zapal.design, as indicated in the Rights Management section of this Privacy Policy.

- Based on the legal obligations of Zapal:
  - Provide an answer to the right’s request made by the representatives of the organizations.
  - Comply with all legal obligations impose to Zapal.
- On the basis of the explicit, free and unequivocal consent that you give us at the time of collecting your data:
  - If applicable, to keep you informed about products and services of third parties, always sent through Zapal and provided that you have given us your explicit consent to do so, by conventional and/or electronic means (emails, SMS, …).

However, if you do not wish your data to be processed for any of these purposes, you may object at any time by contacting us at privacy@zapal.design, as indicated in the Rights Management section of this Privacy Policy.

## 5. Data transfers and international transfers.

All transfers of personal data that we carry out are necessary for the fulfilment of the above-mentioned purposes, or are made in order to fulfil a legal obligation:

1. To public administrations and the administration of justice, and to law enforcement agencies in compliance with the legal obligations applicable to us.
2. Companies providing payment services (banks, payment gateways, etc.), in case the customer makes a payment through the service offered by one of these companies.
3. Companies providing IT services, tools or IT infrastructure on which the services provided by Zapal are based, such as hosting providers, CRMs, emailing service companies, etc.

In this regard, we inform you that any transfer will be made taking into account all the necessary legal safeguards. We also guarantee that we sign specific contracts with all our service providers as established by the regulations.

Furthermore, Zapal guarantees that the necessary safeguards are in place to ensure that the data can be transferred securely, either because the provider offers adequate guarantees, through, among others, signing of Standard Contractual Clauses of the European Commission, or any of the exceptions contained in the regulations.

## 6. Exercising your rights.

We inform you that you will be able to exercise the following rights:

1. Rights of access to your personal data to know which ones are being processed and the processing operations carried out with them.
2. Right to rectify any inaccurate personal data.
3. Right to delete your personal data, where possible.
4. Right to request limitation of the processing of your personal data when the accuracy, legality or necessity of the data processing is in doubt, in which case, we may retain the data for exercise or defence of claims.
5. Right to object to the processing of your personal data when the legal basis that enables us to process them is the legitimate interest.
6. The right to the portability of your data, when the legal basis that enables us to process them is the existence of a contractual relationship or your consent.
7. Right to revoke the consent granted to Zapal.

You can exercise your rights at any time and for free in the following ways:

1. By sending an e-mail to privacy@zapal.design indicating the right you wish to exercise and your identification data.
2. By sending a written request to the address Mechnykova street 2a, Kyiv, Ukraine, 02000, indicating the right you wish to exercise and your personal data.
3. In addition, when you receive any communication from us, by clicking on the unsubscribe section that will contain that communication, you can unsubscribe from all previously accepted commercial communications.

## 7. Retention periods and Cookies.

We will only keep your data for as long as necessary to provide you with these services. Any of the data you provide us through the channels will be blocked as long as they are no longer necessary to manage the service and will only be available if there is a legal obligation (derived from a request from the appropriate authorities) and when you exercise your rights.

Regarding the personal data obtained through the Zapal channels, Zapal uses Cookies according to the Cookies Policy.

## 8. Security and confidentiality.

We are dedicated to the security of your information. In order to prevent unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure of personal data, we have undertaken appropriate technical and physical measures and management processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you.

## 9. Minors.

The Services are not directed to individuals under 18. In this regard, and to the extent that Zapal is not able to control whether or not users are minors, it shall be the parents and guardians who shall enable the necessary mechanisms to prevent minors from accessing the Website and/or providing personal data, and Zapal shall not accept any liability in this regard.

## 10. Update of the privacy policy.

We do our best to keep our privacy policy fully updated on a monthly basis. If we make changes, they will be clearly identifiable in a conspicuous manner (for example: we may communicate changes to you by email).
